<h1>Cryptocurrency Monitoring Bot Project for Discord</h1>

<h2>Description</h2>

<p>This project is a cryptocurrency monitoring bot for Discord, specifically tailored to real-time monitoring of ApeCoin. Our bot not only tracks ApeCoin prices in real-time but is also capable of generating comparative graphs with Ethereum over a seven-day span. Additionally, it is capable of producing graphs representing ApeCoin's price variation within a seven-day window, granting users a clear, intuitive view of market trends.</p>

<h2>Functionalities</h2>

<h2>The bot's functionalities provides users with a comprehensive array of financial information related to ApeCoin, including:</h2>

<ul>
   <li>Current price (in USD)</li>
  <li>Price change percentage over the last 24 hours</li>
  <li>Price change percentage over the last 30 days</li>
  <li>Price change percentage over the last year</li>
  <li>24-hour high (in USD)</li>
   <li>24-hour low (in USD)</li>
   <li>Total trading volume (in USD)</li>
   <li>Market capitalization (in USD)</li>
   <li>All-time high change percentage (in USD)</li>
   <li>All-time high date (in USD)</li>
</ul>

<h2>Technologies used</h2>

<ul>
  <li><a href="https://nodejs.org/en">Node.js</a></li>
  <li><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/pt-BR/docs/Web/JavaScript">JavaScript</a></li>
</ul>

<h2>How to install and run the project</h2>

<ol>
  <li>Clone the repository or download the ZIP.<br><pre>git clone https://github.com/mauricioDallOnder/Cryptocurrency-Monitoring-Bot-Project-for-Discord.git</pre></li>
  <li>Navigate to the project directory.<br><pre>cd bot-discord</pre></li>
  <li>Install the dependencies.<br><pre>npm install</pre></li>
  <li>Start the project.<br><pre>node index.js</pre></li>
</ol>


<h2>Notes</h2>

<p>To add this ot to your server you need you the server ID</p>

<p>If you encounter any issues while installing or running the project, please open an issue in this repository.</p>


<h2>Author</h2>

<p><a href="https://github.com/mauricioDallOnder">Mauricio Dall Onder</a></p>

<p>This README was generated by <a href="https://github.com/mauricioDallOnder">Mauricio Dall Onder</a></p>

<h2>Licence</h2>

<p>MIT</p>

